Mr. Second, how do you apologize to him?
Yeah, he just offended you
You listen carefully
My factory has been sold to Mr. Wu
He's my boss now.
Including the weapons you sell
If you haven't heard of Mr. Wu
None of you are going to get a weapon
That's impossible.
Mr. Ma, you must be lying to us.
Confess to me right now
Apologize
Otherwise, I will cancel this order immediately.
Homeless
No no no no strength
It's all my fault
But you can't blame me.
It's all Zhang Deshuai
He lied to me about the samurai order
I serve as your officer
I follow your command
You two traitors are shameless
Wu
Wussell, let me explain
Zhang Deshun
Our battle
Be slow in the future
I won't embarrass you today.
See you on the battlefield someday
I will marry you happily
There you go.
Thank you, thank you, Samurai Lin, go, go
Brother Wu didn't want to help you hide so deep
Hahaha, I admire it.
Brother, I just received a little money
This happened to buy another palace in the West
Compared to you, big brother
What am I worth?
Brother Wu, I was wrong
Come on, change the commander's clothes
You are now a well-deserved commander
Hahahaha